docs: the core is acyclic, and this repo can finally say so

No code changed. `check --upstream` reports 158 artifacts identical --
the whole endgame happened in modules this repository does not vendor, so
there is nothing to sync. Only the narrative was out of date.

The README carried a paragraph headed "What this repository is
deliberately not printing: a cycle count", written yesterday because
upstream's script had been reporting zero when the real figure was
sixteen. The instrument is fixed, the count is zero for real, and
declining to say so would now be its own kind of stale.

So the paragraph becomes the number plus the reason it was withheld:

  upstream cycles   25 -> 0
  spine             0 blocking edges, 5100 lines
  approval          0 blocking edges, 1348 lines
  tools             behind spine alone

Kept the withholding on the page rather than replacing it with the good
news. A reader who sees "zero" is entitled to know that the same number
was wrong a day earlier, why, and where the correction lives.

What it means here rather than upstream: the pieces still to arrive are
no longer waiting on each other. spine and approval can be vendored
whenever they are wanted, and tools follows spine.

docs/DECISIONS.md gets the rule this repository has been following since
its third crate without ever writing it down -- a module's config struct
lives with the module, and the root Config composes it. obc-planner owns
DeploymentConfig, obc-conscience owns ConscienceConfig, obc-cost owns
CostConfig. Upstream's last seven cycles were the four places that rule
had not been applied, and moving each block to the module that reads it
took sixteen cycles to zero with no interfaces designed and no logic
changed.

That entry matters here specifically: the reason every crate in this
repository builds and tests with no siblings is that rule, applied by
accident at first and then on purpose. A crate that reaches into a
central config module for its own settings cannot stand alone. The
substrate job would catch it -- but only after someone had already
written it that way.

It also carries the correction, because it is the better argument:
upstream put AutonomyConfig in `agent` first, the cycle count stopped at
two instead of zero, and `approval` -- the module that turns a level into
an ApprovalManager -- was one module further on. Rule right, noun wrong,
caught in minutes. Not measuring to prove you were right; measuring so
that being wrong is cheap.

Gates: check --upstream 158, doc-links, counts.
